Click to see the project: https://mern-blog-7jvo.onrender.com/ (it will take a while to open)

It's a blog website where you can Sign up, Sign in, or enter with a Google Account, you can search for articles and you have a Dashboard page to see the total of users, total comments, total posts, recent users, and recent posts. On this website, you can modify your profile, create a post, and see information about comments the number of likes, and postID, and You're able to see all Users and all your posts.

Fully responsive app with cutting-edge features with the latest version of React.js, MongoDB, Node.js, and Express.js. I started setting up React.js, tailwind CSS, and creating routes with react-router Dom for dynamic pages, for robust authentication I used Json Web tokens and Google oAuth integration, this application is powered by Redux Toolkit for easy state management, security to specific pages in the Client and Backend based on Admin permissions, in this project, Admin can effortlessly manage post comments and users completely with CRUD in RESTful APIs operations using the MongoDB database. The website is designed to be completely responsive, ensuring a seamless experience across various devices. Additionally, a dark mode was added to enhance user experience using the latest version of Tailwind CSS and Flowbite. Building this project I faced two hardest parts: One was to create Search Functionality and understand all logic search query techniques with MongoDB, with this component users can search by title, limit results, and sort through a modern sidebar, and the second hardest part was to create like functionality on comment component, I got some difficulties with Array manipulation methods. Finally, the project was deployed on Render Platform.
